only see so many vehicles
345 and over there at the slide
the sixth vehicle
Excavator he comes around to the
to join others
wait a minute watch there is every one
lots of new parts
let us sit together and
Find out what kind of vehicle it is
Here is the frame and come
four tires on it
she only seats this three vehicle
As always, there is a steering wheel
here is the cabin
a big black bumper that is
the exhaust pipes of the tractor
What is the four more mature and two
axes
there comes this red frame needs the
at the back of the tractor
is attached and last is yet to come
the big blue box for the cargo
great our big truck is ready
Let's go now and bring the cube with us
the number nine search
Warsaw
there he is
can you help us?
great thank you
the number 9
Let's do the dice together now
count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
well done now you know the numbers 1
to 9